docs/index.rst, before:

.. domcmc documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri Jun 28 14:27:39 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.
    Indices and tables
    ==================
    
    * :ref:`genindex`
    * :ref:`modindex`
    * :ref:`search`
    
    .. currentmodule:: legs.legs
    .. autofunction:: __init__
    .. autofunction:: plot_data


The package **domcmc** provides the module **fst_tools** for reading data in the "standard" format.


Installation
===================

Use of `Anaconda <https://wiki.cmc.ec.gc.ca/wiki/Anaconda>`_ environments is strongly encouraged.

Install **domcmc** on the science network using my local channel:

  .. code-block:: bash

     conda install domcmc -c /home/dja001/shared_stuff/conda_channel --override-channels

Pip installation is also supported. From anywhere with internet connection, run:

  .. code-block:: bash

     pip install domcmc  

Quick start
===================

Make sure `Python RPN <https://wiki.cmc.ec.gc.ca/wiki/Python-RPN>`_ is loaded in your 
environment:
  .. code-block:: bash

	 . ssmuse-sh -x comm/eccc/all/opt/intelcomp/intelpsxe-cluster-19.0.3.199
	 . r.load.dot /fs/ssm/eccc/mrd/rpn/vgrid/6.4.5 
	 . ssmuse-sh -d eccc/mrd/rpn/MIG/ENV/x/rpnpy/2.1-u1.rc9

For vertical interpolation on pressure levels, you will also 
need:
  .. code-block:: bash

     . ssmuse-sh -d eccc/cmd/cmdn/pxs2pxt/3.16.6/default

Then, in your python scripts:

  .. code-block:: python

     import domcmc.fst_tools as fst_tools
     p0 = fst_tools.get_data(fileName='/fst/file/to/read.fst', var_name='P0')

.. toctree::
   :caption: fst_tools
   :maxdepth: 2

   fstDoc

Source code
===================

Can be found 
at: https://gitlab.science.gc.ca/dja001/domcmc


.. toctree::
   :caption: Contribute

   contribute

.. toctree::
   :caption: acknowledgement

   acknowledgement

Commit message:

switched to conda channel for install
Install instructions in docs now refer to conda channel dja001 instead
of local channel on science netork.
This allows to make conda envs directly using the domcmc requirements in
setup.py

Also added scipy and pytz which are requirements of of rpnpy.

docs/index.rst, after:

.. domcmc documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri Jun 28 14:27:39 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.
    Indices and tables
    ==================
    
    * :ref:`genindex`
    * :ref:`modindex`
    * :ref:`search`
    
    .. currentmodule:: legs.legs
    .. autofunction:: __init__
    .. autofunction:: plot_data


The package **domcmc** provides the module **fst_tools** for reading data in the "standard" format.


Installation
===================

Use of `Anaconda <https://wiki.cmc.ec.gc.ca/wiki/Anaconda>`_ environments is strongly encouraged.

Install **domcmc** in an existing anaconda environment:

  .. code-block:: bash

     conda install domcmc -c dja001

Alternatively, you can create a new conda environment for domcmc:

  .. code-block:: bash

     conda create -n new_env_name domcmc -c dja001

Pip installation is also supported. From anywhere with internet connection, run:

  .. code-block:: bash

     pip install domcmc  

Quick start
===================

Make sure `Python RPN <https://wiki.cmc.ec.gc.ca/wiki/Python-RPN>`_ is loaded in your 
environment:
  .. code-block:: bash

	 . ssmuse-sh -x comm/eccc/all/opt/intelcomp/intelpsxe-cluster-19.0.3.199
	 . r.load.dot /fs/ssm/eccc/mrd/rpn/vgrid/6.4.5 
	 . ssmuse-sh -d eccc/mrd/rpn/MIG/ENV/x/rpnpy/2.1-u1.rc9

For vertical interpolation on pressure levels, you will also 
need:
  .. code-block:: bash

     . ssmuse-sh -d eccc/cmd/cmdn/pxs2pxt/3.16.6/default

Then, in your python scripts:

  .. code-block:: python

     import domcmc.fst_tools as fst_tools
     p0 = fst_tools.get_data(fileName='/fst/file/to/read.fst', var_name='P0')

.. toctree::
   :caption: fst_tools
   :maxdepth: 2

   fstDoc

Source code
===================

Can be found 
at: https://gitlab.science.gc.ca/dja001/domcmc


.. toctree::
   :caption: Contribute

   contribute

.. toctree::
   :caption: acknowledgement

   acknowledgement
